# FIN6777-Project (Pinky, Richard, Zheng)
This fintech solution is a personal wealth management application to empower individuals with the tools to gain insights on their finances to take actionable steps towards their financial goals. The purpose of this app is to serve as a one-stop-shop for financial management, offering a seamless account aggregation feature that allows users to consolidate all their financial accounts, from banks and credit cards to peer-to-peer transfers. Additionally, it provides flexibility through manual input capabilities, enabling users to include cash balances, mortgages, investments, or other debt/asset accounts not directly linkable, to ensure the users will have a true holistic view of their finances.
With the focus on financial health, the app equips users with a clear view of their financial inflows and outflows, thereby enhancing their understanding of their financial well-being and facilitating informed decision-making. By highlighting the critical issues of increasing debt levels, helping users regain control of their finances. Key features include APIs that seamlessly communicate with various financial accounts and manual inputs for customization, ensuring a comprehensive and tailored approach to personal wealth management. 
Our mission is to aspire and empower individuals to take charge of their financial goals and achieve lasting financial health. More importantly, we intend to promote financial inclusion through our manual input feature to help the unbanked/underbanked population. Furthermore, this app adds value through assisting in addressing the social economic issue we continue to face in the US, with total credit card debts reaching $1 trillion and total household debts reaching $17.6 trillion, according to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York’s Q2 report in August, 2023. 
python manage.py makemigrations
python manage.py migrate
python manage.py data_generation.py
python manage.py runserver
